How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    We could spot the differences between the two files that we compared using 
	FC on Windows. As the previous version was running fine and the bug came to 
	exist after we made changes to the existing version, so it was quite obvious 
	to check the statements where we made some changes to spot the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of a file can help us spot bugs 
	that creep into our code. It can be done by comparing the two files for 
	comparing differences between the code contained in the two files.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros of manual commit - We can save versions after genuine logical changes 
    and write a shot description for the same.
    Cons of manual commit - We might end up doing too much work without committing
    if we forget to create a commit.
    Pros of automatic saving of versions - We do not have to worry about creating 
    commits and there is nothing to worry about forgetting to create a commit.
    Cons of automatic saving of versions - We might not have made any significant 
    change in our code but as programmed the software that we are using for automatic
    saving of versions might save a copy of the current version. So that might lead 
    to creation of unimportant commits. Also we might have not even completed a 
    line in our code but a version might be saved with that incomplete line. This
    might lead to a code that might not even even execute. So that copy of code 
    is of no use and might lead to confusions among the users of that code.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Some VCS,like Git, allow saving multiple files in order to reflect all changes
    made simultaneously in different files. While with others, like Google Docs, which 
    treat each file separately, it becomes quite tedious and annoying to go through revision
    and check which files were modified at a particular time to reflect upon changes 
    made simultaneously in different files. VCS, like Git, makes it much more
    convenient to keep track of changes made at a particular time simultaneously
    in more than 1 file. So tracking of changes becomes a lot more quick and easy
    with VCS like Git.